---
title: Blogging 2
layout: post
author: mta
permalink: /blogging-2/
source-id: 1qRBo2992-_aaUVqhFnFVRGC-IMGoiFVbJn7-tnMfrq4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Learning more about setting up GitHub</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>14/09/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I had a basic web page but needed to personalise it. (Yes America, personalise has an 'S' in it)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Change some of the visual aspects of the web page using .scss </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I had to remember and refamiliarise myself with the features and navigation of GitHub.  I learnt how to edit the config file so that my name, information and an image (or Avatar) would appear. 

In the stylesheet (.scss) I learnt how to change colours of background and type fonts.  I made some horrible combinations - just because I could!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The first set of instructions went well, although I managed to get confused when the program showed up a slightly different version of the information and I got distracted by menus that weren't relevant.  

This made me change my ways and I decided to take quick notes (on paper) so that I could remember the instructions in the correct order next time.  This strategy helped me a lot, and the next process went really smoothly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Always be ready to make notes so that I don’t forget, and I can work better independently when things go a bit wrong...</td>
  </tr>
</table>


